troubleshooting: add guidance on how to fix 'conflicting peer dependency error (#134)
stackblitz/docs: docs/platform/webcontainers/troubleshooting-webcontainers.md

Currently, WebContainers can only execute languages that are natively supported on the Web, including JavaScript and WebAssembly. It is not possible to run [native addons](https://nodejs.org/api/addons.html) which are usually implemented using native languages such as C++, unless they can be compiled to WebAssembly. Therefore, loading native addons is disabled by default via [`--no-addons`](https://nodejs.org/api/cli.html#--no-addons) in WebContainers. As a result, you may encounter an error that says: `Cannot load native addon because loading addons is disabled`.

The solution to this is to use an alternative to the native addon which is either fully implemented in JavaScript or can be compiled to WebAssembly.

## Fixing `npm ERR! code ERESOLVE`

> With the release of native npm, using `npm` in a terminal no longer use [`turbo`](turbo-package-manager.md) but instead uses the real [npm](https://github.com/npm/cli). There are a few differences in how `npm` and `turbo` resolve dependencies and one of them is how they work with peer dependencies. `npm install` might now fail on your project with an error saying `code ERESOLVE` or `Conflicting peer dependency`. You can easily fix this error by either:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the release of native npm support, the `npm` command in a terminal no longer defaults to [`turbo`](turbo-package-manager.md) under the hood but instead uses the real [npm](https://github.com/npm/cli). There are a few differences in how `npm` and `turbo` resolve dependencies and one of them is how they work with peer dependencies. In particular, `npm install` might now fail in your project with an error saying `code ERESOLVE` or `Conflicting peer dependency`. To fix this error, you can either:
```

>  1. Removing your `package-lock.json` file, re-running `npm install` and save your project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 1. remove your `package-lock.json` file, re-run `npm install`, and save your project;
```

>  1. remove your `package-lock.json` file, re-run `npm install`, and save your project; or

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 1. Remove your `package-lock.json` file, re-run `npm install`, and save your project; or
 ```
